Staff ML Engineer, Applied AI
TIFIN
Boulder, CO, Charlotte, NC or Remote
$190,000 - $225,000 USD

ROLE OVERVIEW

As a Staff ML Engineer on the Applied AI team, you will own and lead projects across our various generative AI product lines. We are looking for individuals who have worked end-to-end and have experience building generative AI products where LLMs are a core component. Expertise with fine-tuning and reinforcement learning is critical. This is an individual contributor and technical leadership role reporting into the Head of AI.

PROJECTS

AI Agent Orchestrator: Multi-agent systems that automate tasks and streamline workflows, driving measurable improvements in operational efficiency.
Human-in-the-Loop Collaboration: AI-powered co-pilot for advisors and other user personas, streamlining workflows across business workflows such as prospecting, conversion, onboarding, and client servicing.
Fine-Tuned Models: Purpose-tuned models for financial services to handle complex, multi-turn interactions with actionability in low-latency environments.
Seamless Legacy Tech Integration: Designed to navigate and optimize legacy systems for streamlined operations with computer use models.

WHAT YOU'LL DO

Design and fine-tune open source and proprietary LLMs for various tasks such as answering questions, summarization, reasoning and planning, etc.
Build advanced Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) pipeline including rewriting, embedding fine-tuning, hybrid search, reranking, knowledge graphs, etc.
Experience shipping generative AI products powered by LLMs: designing and implementing agentic workflows and multi-agent systems that enable autonomous AI behaviors, leveraging the latest state-of-the-art research
Apply reinforcement learning techniques including reinforcement learning fine tuning (e.g., PPO, DPO, GRPO) to continuously optimize model performance.
Implement a comprehensive evaluation framework and metrics for model performance
Deploy models into production environments and ensure low latency, reliability, and scalability.
Collaborate with product team and software engineering team to build end-to-end product systems.

WHAT YOU'LL BRING

5+ years of experience (post-BS/MS) in applied AI/ML engineering
Experience shipping generative AI products powered by LLMs: designing and implementing agentic workflows that enable autonomous AI behaviors, leveraging the latest state-of-the-art research
Hands-on experience in various LLM fine-tuning techniques (e.g. LORA), LLM inference frameworks (e.g. vLLM), advanced RAG pipelines
Solid expertise in reinforcement learning fine tuning methodologies and frameworks to optimize AI models
Resilience and adaptability - experience working at early-stage startups is a plus
